# CS230-GamingRoomProject
My software design document for The Gaming Room project.  

The Gaming Room is a company that wants to make their game 'Draw It or Lose It' into a web-based application that can be accessed from multiple different platofrms. The game will let users guess objects being drawn from a library of 200 HD images that The Gaming Room has.  Users will also be able to play in teams, with wrong guesses allowing the opposing team to guess.
I feel what I did well with this documention is highlighting both the advantages and disadvantages of each operating platform, as well as expalining my recommendations for the operating platform and the opearting systems architecutes, storage management, memory management, distributed systems and networks, and security.  As for where I would makes changes in my document, I would redo the executive summary and edit the business and technical requirements, as I got some of the information in the wrong areas.  
Since I knew that the requirement was that it needed to be able to run on any platform, I took time to understand what platforms offered the best services that can support development for multiple platforms.  I then used what I learned to guide me into my recommendations, especially for the operating platform.  I used my research to guide me as I design software. I also liked to break the goals down by identifying each need individually, solving them individually and putting them together for one solution that successfully addresses all the needs.  When it comes to analyzing similar software in the future I can take what I know and look where there are flaws in the software than I can approve upon in my own.  
